[2961][ADD] stock_request_seller_check (#62)
qrtl/rmm-custom: stock_request_seller_check/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows to create stock request for only products that have seller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module limites the user of stock requests only to seller products, since there is no business scenario where stock requests should be created for non-seller products.
```

> This module limites the user of stock requests only to seller products, since there is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module limits the user of stock requests only to seller products, since there is no
```
